Many network topologies lead to situations where transport protocol proxying is
beneficial. For example, proxying enables endpoints to communicate when
end-to-end connectivity is not possible and can apply additional encryption
where desirable (such as a VPN). Proxying can also improve client privacy, e.g.,
by hiding a client's IP address from a target server.

Proxying technologies such as SOCKS and HTTP(S) CONNECT exist, albeit with their
own shortcomings. For example, SOCKS signalling is not encrypted and HTTP
CONNECT is currently limited to TCP. In contrast, HTTP/3 is a viable candidate
protocol for proxying arbitrary traffic, as it provides to a single connection
secure connectivity, multiplexed streams, and migration, while taking advantage
of a unified congestion controller. An HTTP/3 datagram construct built on top of
QUIC datagram frames would provide for unreliable data transmission and enable
transporting UDP and other unreliable flows via a proxy. Moreover, it would not
introduce potentially redundant or unnecessary recovery mechanisms.  Lastly,
HTTP supports an established request/response semantic that can set up and
configure flows for different services.

The primary goal of this working group is to develop mechanism(s) that allow
configuring and concurrently running multiple proxied stream- and datagram-based
flows inside an HTTPS connection. The group will specify HTTP and/or HTTP/3
extensions to enable this functionality. The group will focus on a limited set
of client-initiated services: (1) UDP CONNECT and (2) IP proxying. 
Server-initiated services are out of scope. The working group will first deliver
a protocol solution for UDP CONNECT and a requirements document for IP proxying.
Once both are complete, the working group will focus on a protocol solution for 
IP proxying.

The working group will consider fallback to versions of HTTPS that operate over 
TCP as a mitigation to UDP or HTTP/3 blocking. Moreover, the working group will 
consider implications of tunneling protocols with congestion control and loss 
recovery over MASQUE, and may issue recommendations accordingly. New congestion 
control and loss recovery algorithms are out of scope.

Multicast UDP and multicast IP support are out of scope. However, the group may
specify extension points that would enable future work on multicast. Specifying
proxy server discovery mechanisms is also out of scope, but the group may
specify identifiers and capability reports for roxy servers to aid future
discovery mechanisms.

Impacts on address migration, NAT rebinding, and future multipath mechanisms of
QUIC are not anticipated. However, the working group should document these
impacts, or those of any other QUIC developments, if they arise.

The group will coordinate closely with other working groups responsible for
maintaining relevant protocol extensions, such as HTTPBIS, QUIC, or TLS. It will
also coordinate closely with ICCRG and TSVWG on congestion control and loss
recovery considerations.
