Many network topologies lead to situations where transport protocol proxying is beneficial. For example, proxying enables endpoints to communicate when end-to-end connectivity is not possible and can apply additional encryption where desirable (such as a VPN). Proxying can also improve client privacy, e.g., by hiding a client's IP address from a target server.

Proxying technologies such as SOCKS and HTTP(S) CONNECT exist, albeit with their own shortcomings. For example, SOCKS signalling is not encrypted and HTTP CONNECT is currently limited to TCP. In contrast, HTTP/3 is a viable candidate protocol for proxying arbitrary traffic, as it provides secure connectivity, multiplexed streams, and migration for a single connection while taking advantage of a unified congestion controller. HTTP/3 datagrams provide for unreliable data transmission, which enables transporting UDP and other unreliable flows via a proxy without introducing potentially redundant or unnecessary recovery mechanisms. Further, HTTP/3 supports an established request/response semantic that can set up and configure flows for different services.

The primary goal of this working group is to develop mechanisms that allow configuring and concurrently running multiple proxied stream- and datagram-based flows inside a HTTP/3 connection. The group will specify HTTP or HTTP/3 extensions to enable this functionality within an HTTP/3 connection. The group will focus on a limited set of client-initiated services: (1) UDP CONNECT and (2) IP proxying. Specifying proxy server discovery mechanisms is out of scope for the group. However, the group may specify techniques for identifying proxy servers to aid future discovery mechanisms.

The working group will consider the implications of tunneling congestion-controlled protocols over QUIC and may issue recommendations accordingly. New congestion control protocols are out of scope.

The group will coordinate closely with other working groups responsible for maintaining relevant protocol extensions, such as HTTPBIS, QUIC, or TLS.
